installed vs code as editor
installed python version 3.11.7 as interpreter
connected vs code to github
integrated vs code with python interpreter

installed flask-3.1.2-py3 by writing "pip install flask" in terminal of app.py
tested flask server with hello world code to see if my backend is running
i couldnt see hosted on http server , debugging began
in the process of dbugging ,found pwd command for path , dir for showing all files contained in a specific folder
python app.py for checking backend servers. finally got the link.




modified app.py , database.py , models.py
on modifying database.py , users.db file changed in its looks
installed werkzeug

in app.py , 
1. created backend successfully 

2. added user registration api - 
Receives JSON from frontend
Hashes password (security box checked)
Stores user in database
Prevents duplicate usernames

3.added login api

after app.py was developed , i had to run and test the server for the fact that it can accept a users data and perform user registration successfully.
ps :) ik ik we cannot even see the buttons , page that tells us to register, but dw , we are building the functioning , not the looks , dont panic , ez. ez.

to run i used python app.py
to test i had option like "vs code rest client" "postman" and browser dev tools console , i used option 3

any website that i would inspect on , would act as my frontend and talk to my backend server. since i did not have a valid frontend for now.
i wrote js code to check functioning , but , error, i hit a "cors policy". my bing browser was not allowed to access my server due to security.
i had two options , install a flask cors , add it to my requirements and app.py or use curl instruction in vs code terminal. i decided to go with curl

i used terminal , curl cmd , encountered another error , my server wont respond
we use cd cmd in trminal to open folder

continuing , my sever wont respond. app.py or 1962 app.py or renaming , nothing worked
You got stuck on:
Windows filename handling
PowerShell quirks
A space in a filename

tried dividing code into init-database.py , database initialisation successful. server still not eached
tried another apptest.py. backend was running

after 4 hrs , i strpped down app.py to pure basics , tried running register , got the successful registration msg.
now i will build slowly slowly , converting it into post , json 

we tried but it didnt work , so we went ahead to our old ways , install flask cors

yeah flask cors worked , it offically said registration complete , username already exists

csv upload and read allowance by pandas done. added it to numpy itself , created import pandas then created another @route for csv then checked the backend is alive then used a fetch function to deal with it and saw upload successful
 